5 reason why your team sucks at reviewing pull requests (#43)
axolo-co/blog.axolo: data/p/5-reasons-why-your-team-sucks-at-reviewing-pull-requests.mdx

#### Email notification, please stop

"Alex requested your review on her pull request." just hit my inbox. Only 48 unseen emails to read before I can start my day and review her PR. What a glorious day!

> Email notifications might sound like a good idea for some, but this quickly becomes a nightmare. You can't filter them, you can't prioritize them, and you can't even know if you already reviewed the PR or not. And they are lost within all the other fantastic emails you receive, like the 14 emails from this recruiting agency you never wrote to, or your last JS newsletter you subscribed to 2 years ago, but never opened.

Reviewer: Je trouve cette partie trop clivante et j'ai peur que ca risque de te décridibiliser pour la suite de ton article que je trouve top. 

je te suggere qqch du genre (merci chatgpt): 
```suggestion
Email notifications might seem like a great idea at first, but before you know it, it turns into a chaotic mess. Sifting through them is like trying to find a needle in a haystack, and it's hard to keep track of what you've already looked at. Oh, and let's not forget about all those delightful emails from that recruiter you never contacted, and that JS newsletter you subscribed to years ago but never read. It's a wild ride, let me tell you!
```

Author: ok mais bon, clivant === conversation et réaction [](edited-with-Axolo)
